h1. Arm3

_An open source palletizing robot based on the ABB 460_

For more information please visit "Marginally Clever's official page":http://www.marginallyclever.com/shop/robot-arms

h2. Get it

Please visit "the homepage":http://www.marginallyclever.com/shop/robot-arms for the accompanying hardware kit.

h2. Make it

Please visit "The wiki":https://learn.marginallyclever.com/ for all the instructions

h2. Get help

Please visit "the forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum 

h2. Notes

The contents of ./last_official_release are also available on "the official website":http://www.marginallyclever.com/shop/robot-arms/palletizing-robot-1

h2. To run the project in eclipse

* Choose File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace and select "Next".
* Choose "Browse" next to "Select root directory" and select the root folder of your download/clone from github.
* eclipse will scan the folder and find the project.  Choose "Finish"

*java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: no rxtxSerial in java.library.path thrown while loading gnu.io.RXTXCommDriver*

* Open the Project Explorder View, select the Makelangelo project, and choose File > Properties.
* Choose Java Build Path > Libraries and then expand "RXTXcomm.jar - Makelangelo" clicking the arrow on the left.
* Choose Native library location > Edit > Choose Workspace
* In Windows 32 bit, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Windows/i368-mingw32
* In Windows 64 bit, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Windows/x64
* In OSX, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Mac_OS_X
* In Linux, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Linux and select your flavor of linux.

*The project: JOGL which is referenced by the classpath, does not exist*

"How to download JOGL":https://jogamp.org/wiki/index.php/Setting_up_a_JogAmp_project_in_your_favorite_IDE#Download_a_JogAmp_library

"How to create a JOGL user library":https://jogamp.org/wiki/index.php/Setting_up_a_JogAmp_project_in_your_favorite_IDE#Create_a_user_library


h2. Copyright

This file is part of Arm3-v1.

Arm3 is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Arm3 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Foobar. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

h2. See Also

* "The Makelangelo homepage":http://www.makelangelo.com/ 
* "The wiki":https://learn.marginallyclever.com/
* "The forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum/
